One time I was digging for Lafitte’s treasure in that old shell pile down by Lake Salvador, and I had an evil-hearted man with me. I should have known better than to take him along, but you know how it is. Anyway, we dug until we hit one of them old-time iron chests. Right then the spirits started coming running out of that hole, whooping and hollering.

A bunch of us gathered to dig in a certain place just after midnight. 
Suddenly chickens started coming out of the hole we had made. 
First come a rooster, crowing to beat hell. 
Then he vanished in a puff of smoke. 

Me and five other fellows went into an old house near here once that was haunted and so bound to have money hidden somewhere in it. 
We found a trapdoor in the dining-room floor. 
There was steps going down, and, after the man who knew spirits knocked to see if any was around, we started down those steps. 
We got just about halfway when the place began to fill with water. 

They started digging. 
And as soon as they had dug a ways, there was a great big bull that came through the woods with flames coming out of his nose. 
...
The hole was there, and the chest, and the markings of dollars were on the wood that they have broken off of the chest. 
So they had found it. 
The spirit controller had done it. 
It must be that he controlled the bull, the fire-breathing bull. 
But they said the flame was coming out of its nose  and they could hear it coming through the woods. 

He went to look for a treasure with some other men. 
And there was a controller who had brought a Bible to control the spirits. 
And when they arrived at the site, 
they saw a big horse coming through the woods with a man riding it, 
    and when he dismounted, 
    it was no longer a man on the horse. 
It was a dog. 
And he said the dog came and rubbed itself against his legs. 
He said it was growling. 
He said he knew the dog was touching him, 
    but he didn't feel anything. 
It was like there was just a wind. 


There's a man named Judice who was very active in public affairs. 
He had a man plowing his field 
    and the plow hit something. 
They opened it up 
    and it was a big chest full of jewels and gold coins. 
All of them had early dates, 
    and there were French coins and early American coins. 
They were buried there. 
They said it was Lafitte. 
They don't know who it was. 
But this negro man who found this built the Catholic church 
    and the school there with part of the money. 


So they said form a circle. 
And this is ... my eyes seen this myself. 
We formed this circle, man. 
My brother, my brother was preaching. 
He was digging in the middle. 
We were all around him 
    and he was digging in the middle. 
Man, he took that shovel. 
I guess from the way it looked 
    it must have been a shovel deep, 
        about like this. 
Something went yanga yanga yanga yang. 
And then went boom. 
And when you looked again, 
    they had a fucking coffin, man. 
Solid gold. 
Open it up, 
    nothing but coins in there. 
And then a bull appeared, 
    just appeared out of nowhere. 
The bull had fire coming out his nose 
    and his eye was red red red. 

